# Capstone-Project-2-for-Springboard

This project created a process to download rosters from a College Tennis website for all available years, and where available supplement with an All-time letter winner list to make a list of all players. An Excel file is provided containing the data which incudes a roster link and hometown if listed on the website. The list is searched on LinkedIn by automating the task of typing each name and school into the search field in the upper left corner. If a result is returned, the first one is downloaded with the headline, location, company, school, and activities. This information is included in the Excel file, along with some extra fields which are used to evaluate the search. The search is evaluated to provide a prediction whether the LinkedIn profile is the right person, as not everybody has a LinkedIn account and many people have the same name. Generally, the older you get the less likely you are to be found on LinkedIn. Roughly half the people are found, but that is averaging the young and old. The download still has some useful info even if not found on LinkedIn. For example, you may be able to locate a person on Intellius manually by using the home town. This is only meant to be a good head start for a volunteer from a College Tennis team to try contacting fellow alumni to promote the College Tennis Alumni Association events and other networking for their own teams. There are already volunteer chapters of this organization in several cities, and the hope is to keep it growing to have fun events and networking opportunities. 

The model was built using data manually checked for Cornell University. Basically it predicts whether a profile is good by simulating the percentage found for this dataset, incorporating how closely the name matches and whether tennis was listed in the LinkedIn profile. There is a sample summary report and Excel file for a search on Yale University, as an example of what you get without checking the results. The checking is left to the volunteer who want to receive the data. Those files are in the main project directory, along with some descriptive documents. The programs and other data used in the interim have been moved to subfolders which are accessible for those who are interested. This is a work in progress so suggestions will be considered to change this document and explain it better. 

To see the flow of input and output files for the jupyter notebooks in the directory, click this link:
https://github.com/cruzer42/Capstone-Project-2-for-Springboard/blob/master/Capstone%20Project%202%20Step-by-Step.pdf

Please click the link to the Project Summary Document:
https://github.com/cruzer42/Capstone-Project-2-for-Springboard/blob/master/Summary%20Report_%20Capstone%202%20Project.pdf
